I hardly wear makeup, but I've seen on the internet that people can make their mouths ...
Bigger, I don't know ...
These are the corners of the lips.
I heard that if you put a few lines here, it
makes the corners of your lips and mouth appear longer, longer ... Let's see.
I think I overdid it.
I overdid it.
Do you notice any difference?
I'm going to give this session ... I'm going to consider it failed, okay?
I don't know ... I'm not ... I wasn't born for makeup.
Oh God.
Let's prepare the food.
Damn this light.
I have prepared ingredients here because I am going to make a wonderful sandwich.
For this I have prepared lettuce, butter, tuna, a frying pan because I don't have a toaster ...
And with these ingredients and others such as sandwich bread.
Bread. I can only buy this bread,
OMG, wait-
I can only buy this bread, because baguette bread in Korea is more expensive ...
It is expensive as hell.
It's like two euros something a super small loaf of bread?
It's crazy.
Ok we also need mayonnaise and onion
and we are going to prepare this.
The first thing you want to do is take your butter knife
and spread the butter on the slice of bread.
Normally I would spread the butter on both sides of the bread, on both sides,
but we don't have the funds, okay? Because butter is also very expensive here in Korea,
well, everything is more expensive, I mean ...
The next thing you want to do is light your fire,
or your induction, or whatever you have and put the pan and toast the bread on both sides as if it were toast.
I do this step in the pan because I don't have a toaster.
While the bread is toasting (I've had to look in the dictionary if it was toasted, or toasted, it was toasted).
While the bread is toasting, we are going to open the can of tuna,
we are going to drain all the oil and we are going to put the tuna in a bowl.
Appreciate my tuna ASMR. Speed x2
Next you need an onion, or rather a piece of onion,
because a whole onion is too much onion.
And you are going to cut it small, I did not cut it super, super small
because this size seemed fine to me, but if you like extra small onion you cut it more
and if you too lazy, then you cut it bigger and that's it.
We add that onion in the bowl with the tuna and add mayonnaise.
We mix again, we stir it, we mix it all.
I am mixing with a chopstick because I am in Asia. If you are in Europe or America or any other continent other than Asia,
you can mix with a fork, or with a spoon, or with your hand, or whatever you want.
But in the meantime make sure you keep an eye on the pan, so that your toast doesn't burn,
like mine.
Take a selfie with your bowl with tuna, mayonnaise and onion to demonstrate that you know how to cook,
and then give it a try to see if what you have cooked is vomiting or decent.
Once you have made sure that the mixture is decent, you take the toast out of the pan,
and add a drizzle of oil to remove the dryness a bit, because nobody
likes to eat a sandwich that tastes like cardboard.
You add the mixture of tuna, onion and mayonnaise and at the same time you
take and in the same pan that you have used to toast ...
that you have used for your toast, and fry an egg.
My intention was to fry an egg, but it broke so we are going to turn it
into a scrambled egg.
You pile it up there  as best you can,
a little lettuce.
You put the other toast, the other slice of bread as a cover,
and you cut it in half and that would be it, there you have your wonderful sandwich.
The result should be something like this here, but with an egg. With egg it is better.
It was a good invention, I recommend that you try it if you like the ingredients it contains.